Welcome back.
Estas son unas frases que tú tienes que
saber para que te puedan ayudar a
facilitar que tú expreses tus ideas, ¿sí?
Como para que tú puedas introducirlas y
las puedas desarrollar mucho más fácil.
Entonces, vamos a la primera.
¿Qué es lo que yo hago?
I mean é I mean it wasn't what we
expected I have I have I have an accent tomorrow
I did that several times
I did that several times before I learned
I was going to do I was going to do I was
going to do I was going to do the
homework but i fell asleep i was going to
do the homework but i fell asleep i was
gonna do the homework but i felt asleep
but i fell asleep i was i was i was in
meeting when you call i was in the
meeting when you called i was in the
meeting when you called i was i was i was
very shy when i was a child i was very
shy when i was a child i was very shy
when i was a child yeah i didn't know i didn't
¡Suscríbete!
I didn't know
there was another meeting today!
Yesterday I didn't want yesterday
I didn't want!
Yesterday I didn't want to go out because
it was raining
So that it isn't..
So that it isn't difficult..
let's do it step
by step so that it isn't difficult let's
do it step by step
but what i wanted to say but what i
wanted to say
pero lo que yo quería decir o lo que
quería decir era tal tal cosa okay example
but what i wanted to say is that everyone
should be prepared but what i wanted to
say is that everyone should be prepared i
want to know i want to know i want to
know what you think I want to know what
you think about the project
Tell me, tell me, tell me what you need
for tomorrow If I were Valeria If I were
Valeria If I were Valeria I would take a
break I want, I want I want to learn how
to play the guitar
I want to learn how to play the guitar
Because I don't know how to do it
I can't start because I don't know how to
do it
Because when because when because when i
study i focus better because when i study
i focus better because when i study i
focus better because i because i because
i want to be better every day because i
want to be better every day
excuse me please excuse me please excuse
me please i need to get through excuse me
please i need to get through several
times several times several times i've
tried that several times i've tried that
several times many times many times i've
been to that place many times i've been
to that place many times sometimes
sometimes i go for a walk in the
afternoon sometimes i go for a walk in
the afternoon once in a while once in a
while once in a while i like i like to
read poetry some people people prefer
coffee without sugar etapa i I like
fruits, for example, apples I agree with
I agree with I agree with your point of
view I agree with your point of view I
agree with your point of view I don't agree
I don't agree I don't agree with that decision
I don't agree with that decision
Yes, of course Yes, of course Yes, of
course Do you want help?
Yes, of course Do you want help?
Yes, of course I understand
I understand I understand.
I understand.
I understand what you're saying.
I don't understand.
I don't understand how this works.
What do you mean?
What do you mean by that?
However, however, however, however,
however, we need another option.
However, we need another option.
Years ago, years ago, years ago, I lived
in another city.
Years ago, I lived in another city.
But first of all, first of all, first of
all, I want to thank you.
First of all, I want to thank you.
I don't believe that.
I don't believe that's true.
I believe that.
We can.
I believe that we can do it.
Eso fue todo por esta lección
Debes ver este video varias veces
Tienes que estar viéndolo varias veces
Para que se te pueda grabar Ojo, esto lo
tienes que usar
Cada vez que quieras hablar, usa estas expresiones
Esto no puede ser un conocimiento Que lo
tengas ahí, como en el cuarto de San
Alejo Por allá, no
Tienes que tenerlo activo La única forma
de tenerlo activo Las únicas formas es
que tú estudies Te veas el video varias
veces Tienes que practicarlo en tu
herramienta De repetición espaciada
¿Listo?
Y también que lo utilices Para que se te
pueda grabar mucho más fácil Y que el
cerebro tenga las conexiones neuronales
Que necesita Así que eso fue todo por
estos desbloqueamientos
Así es como se llaman Desbloqueadores Y
recuerda que vamos a la siguiente lección
Después de que lo veas unas cuantas veces ¡Gracias!
¡Gracias!